# Scallop token basics

The native cryptographically-secure fungible protocol token of Scallop (ticker symbol $SCA) is a transferable representation of attributed utility functions specified in the protocol/code of Scallop, and which is designed to be used solely as an interoperable utility token thereon.

$SCA is a functional multi-utility token which will be used as the medium of exchange between participants on Scallop in a decentralised manner. The goal of introducing $SCA is to provide a convenient and secure mode of payment and settlement between participants who interact within the ecosystem on Scallop without any intermediaries such as centralised third party entity/institution/credit. It is not, and not intended to be, a medium of exchange accepted by the public (or a section of the public) as payment for goods or services or for the discharge of a debt; nor is it designed or intended to be used by any person as payment for any goods or services whatsoever that are not exclusively provided by the issuer. $SCA does not in any way represent any shareholding, ownership, participation, right, title, or interest in the Company, the Distributor, their respective affiliates, or any other company, enterprise or undertaking, nor will $SCA entitle token holders to any promise of fees, dividends, revenue, profits or investment returns, and are not intended to constitute securities in the British Virgin Islands, Singapore or any relevant jurisdiction. $SCA may only be utilised on Scallop, and ownership of the same carries no rights, express or implied, other than the right to use $SCA as a means to enable usage of and interaction within Scallop. The secondary market pricing of $SCA is not dependent on the effort of the Scallop Project Contributors, and there is no token functionality or scheme designed to control or manipulate such secondary pricing.

For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Company nor the Distributor deals in, or is in the business of buying or selling any virtual asset or digital payment token (including $SCA). Any sale or distribution of tokens would be performed during a restricted initial period solely for the purpose of obtaining project development funds, raising market/brand awareness, as well as community building and social engagement; this is not conducted with any element of repetitiveness or regularity which would constitute a business.

Further, $SCA provides the economic incentives which will be distributed to encourage users to exert efforts towards contribution and participation in the ecosystem on Scallop, thereby creating a mutually beneficial system where every participant is fairly compensated for its efforts. $SCA is an integral and indispensable part of Scallop, because without $SCA, there would be no incentive for users to expend resources to participate in activities or provide services for the benefit of the entire ecosystem on Scallop. Given that additional $SCA will be awarded to a user based only on its actual usage, activity and efforts made on Scallop and/or proportionate to the frequency and volume of transactions, users of Scallop and/or holders of $SCA which did not actively participate will not receive any $SCA incentives.
